In the middle of the trellis it looks
like we have many more options.
We could really be in
any of the three states.
>> That's true.
The next thing we need to do is
to add transition probabilities.
We can pull those directly
from our model, lambda I.
>> Okay, I have added the transition
probabilities, that seems simple enough.
But how do we go from this
to an overall probability?
>> Here's where our
observation sequence comes in.
Let's look at time step 1.
We saw a delta y of 3, but we know we
can only be in state 1 at that time.
By looking at the output
distribution at state 1,
we can see how probable
it is to get a 3 from it.
Normally, we would have a real
distribution for these outputs.
And we could find the actual
probability for the output.
But for illustration purposes,
I'll pick some reasonable numbers.
As long as we're consistent
the example should work.
I'll call the probability that
the Gaussian in the first state
generated a delta y of 3 to be 0.5.
So let's write that into this node.
>> I see.
So then for
time 2 we have an output of 7.
3 was two away from state 1's mean of 5.
And 7 is also two away from 5.
So it will be a probability
of 0.5 here as well.
>> That works.
Now we also need to consider state 2.
But the probability of getting a seven
there is very small, nearly zero, but
not quite.
So let's say, 10 to the -7.
>> Why don't we pause for a quiz to
make sure this process makes sense?